https://bmvc2025.bmva.org/calls/call-for-papers/
STATUS 200 FINAL https://bmvc2025.bmva.org/calls/call-for-papers/
The 36th British Machine Vision Conference 2025: Call for Papers 
 BMVC 2025 
 Home 
 Dates 
 Gallery 
 Calls 
 Call for Papers 
 Call for Workshops 
 Call for Papers - Doctoral Consortium 
 Attending 
 About the City 
 Plan Your Visit 
 Registration 
 Venue 
 Programme 
 Accepted Papers 
 Keynotes 
 Reception 
 Workshops 
 Conference Schedule 
 Dinner 
 Authors 
 Author Guidelines 
 Presenting at BMVC 
 Submit Your Paper 
 Reviewing Guidelines 
 Area Chair Guidelines 
 People 
 Organisers 
 Outstanding Reviewers 
 Sponsors 
 Proceedings 
 Proceedings 
 Workshops Proceedings 
 The British Machine Vision Association 
 and Society for Pattern Recognition 
-->
 Call for Papers
 -->
-->
 The British Machine Vision Conference (BMVC) is one of the major international conferences on computer vision and related areas. It is organised by the British Machine Vision Association (BMVA). The 36th BMVC will now be an in-person event from 24th—27th November 2025 in Sheffield, UK.
 Authors are invited to submit high-quality papers in image processing, computer vision, machine learning and related areas for BMVC 2025. Submitted papers will be refereed on originality, presentation, empirical results, and evaluation quality. Accepted papers will be included in the conference proceedings published and DOI-indexed by BMVA. Past proceedings are online at the BMVA proceedings website .
 Please note that BMVC is a single-track meeting with oral and poster presentations. The paper submission deadline will be on the 16th of May 2025 . Submitted papers should not exceed NINE pages (references are excluded), and appendices should be submitted via the supplementary information. You can find further information in the Author Guidelines and Submit your Paper pages.
 The submission portal is available via OpenReview .
 Submit your paper on CMT 
 Instructions for authors 
 -->
 Topics include, but are not limited to:
 3D from X
 3D Shape modeling and processing
 Action and event understanding
 Adversarial attack and defense
 Architecture and Space Design
 Biometrics
 Brave new ideas (not beating SOA but a new appraoch, theory, niche)
 Computational Photography and Photogrammetry
 Computer vision theory
 Datasets and Evaluation
 Deep learning architectures and techniques
 Document analysis and understanding
 Embodied vision: Active agents; simulation
 Explainable AI
 Fairness, privacy, ethics, social-good, transparency, accountability in vision
 Generative models
 Humans: Face, Gestures, Pose and Body Movement
 Human-in-the-loop computer vision
 Image Retrieval
 Low-level and Physics-based Vision
 Machine learning (other than deep learning)
 Medical and Biological Image Analysis
 Motion estimation and tracking
 Multimodal learning
 Recognition for X
 Representation Learning
 RGBD sensors and analytics
 Scene Analysis and Understanding
 Segmentation, grouping and shape analysis
 Self-, semi-, meta-, unsupervised learning
 Transfer, low-shot, continual, long-tail learning
 Video analysis and Understanding
 Vision and audio
 Vision and graphics
 Vision and language
 Vision and robotics
 Vision applications and systems
 Visual reasoning and logical representation
 Papers submitted under the “Brave new ideas” subject area are expected to move away from incremental benchmark gains. Proposed ideas should radically differ from the current research strand or propose a novel problem.
 Reviewing Process for BMVC 2025
 Each paper will be reviewed by at least three reviewers. The Area Chair will provide a meta-review, summarising the reviewers’ points and recommending paper decisions.
 Please Note: Due to the anticipated volume of papers for BMVC 2025 (based on recent year’s experience), there will be NO extension granted to the submission deadline. In keeping with conferences in the field (e.g., NeurIPS , CVPR ) and to cope with the increasing number of submissions, we ask that all authors be prepared to review papers. The submission site will ask authors to acknowledge this commitment, and failure to engage with the reviewing process might be grounds for rejection. 
 Further information about the reviewing process can be found at the Reviewing policies .
 Any queries to the Programme Chairs should be sent to programmechairs.bmvc2025@bmva.org .
 © 2022-2025 The BMVA 
 bmvc@bmva.org  
 BMVCconf 
 The British Machine Vision Conference is organised by The British Machine Vision Association and Society for Pattern Recognition . The Association is a Company limited by guarantee, No.2543446, and a non-profit-making body, registered in England and Wales as Charity No.1002307 (Registered Office: Dept. of Computer Science, Durham University, South Road, Durham, DH1 3LE, UK).