https://eccv.ecva.net/Conferences/2026/SubmissionPolicies
STATUS 200 FINAL https://eccv.ecva.net/Conferences/2026/SubmissionPolicies
Submission policies 
 CSP Test 
 -->
 Skip to yearly menu bar 
 Skip to main content 
 Main Navigation
 Select Year: (2026)
 2026
 2024
 2022
 My Stuff
 Create Profile
 Reset Password
 Login 
 Dates
 Policies
 Code of Conduct
 Ethics Guidelines
 Springer Nature Code of Conduct
 Calls
 Call for Papers
 Call for Workshops
 Call for Tutorials
 Call for Demos
 Call for Doctoral Consortium
 Call for Speed Mentoring
 Call for Art
 Authors
 Submission Guide
 Submission Policies & Paper Kit
 Suggested Practices
 Ethics Guidelines
 Author FAQs
 Guidance to Authors on Contribution Types
 YouTube and Poster Upload Instructions
 Reviewers
 Reviewer Guidelines
 Reviewer FAQs
 ACs & SACs
 Area Chair Guidelines
 Guidance to ACs on Contribution Types
 Senior Area Chair Guidelines
 Guidance to Reviewers on Contribution Types
 Expo / Sponsors
 Sponsors
 Expo
 Organization
 Organizing Committee
 Program Committee
 Attend
 ECCV 2026 FAQ
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion
 Book Hotel
 Register
 Venue
 Social Events
 Conference Site
 ECCV 2026 Submission Policies
 UPDATES
 Feb 26th: We are extending the deadline for completing the OpenReview Profiles and Author Enrollment Forms to March 2nd, 11pm CET.
 Submission Policies and Author's Paper Kit
 All authors must carefully review the following policies that govern the submission and review process, as failure to comply with these policies may result in the rejection of your submission, as well as possible additional sanctions in the case of dual submissions and plagiarism. The authors are further urged to consult ECCV 2026’s Ethics guidelines , recommended best practices , and Author FAQs .
 These policies and guidelines are largely based on those of other recent computer vision conferences as well as on the Springer Nature Code of Conduct for Book Authors . Since the submission policies are not identical to those of previous conferences, the authors must familiarize themselves with these guidelines before preparing and submitting work to ECCV 2026.
 Paper formatting : Papers are limited to 14 pages, including figures and tables, in the LNCS style of Springer. Additional pages containing only cited references are allowed. Please download the ECCV 2026 Author Kit for detailed formatting instructions. Note also that the template has changed since ECCV 2024. Authors must thus use this new template instead of templates from older conferences.
 The ECCV 2026 Author Kit for LaTeX can be obtained in three ways:
 Cloning an Overleaf project into your account.
 Cloning/forking our GitHub repository .
 Downloading a ZIP file or a TAR ball .
 Authors wishing to write their paper in Microsoft Word must use the official Springer LNCS Word template and ensure that their submission is formatted to match the formatting set forth in the ECCV 2026 Author Kit as closely as possible.
 Papers that are not properly anonymized, do not use the template, or have more than 14 pages (excluding references) may be rejected without review. Particularly note that the ECCV 2026 template uses a different font than, e.g., the CVPR 2026. When preparing a re-submission from CVPR 2026 (or other conference), make sure to use the ECCV 2026 template’s font . Using another font might lead to more content being included in the page limit and will thus be treated as a significant change to the template, which will lead to desk-rejection. Similarly, submissions where the margins and formatting are deemed to have been significantly altered from those specified by the template will be desk-rejected.  Please see the template for additional instructions.
 Submission and review process : ECCV 2026 will be using OpenReview to manage submissions. Please add “ noreply@openreview.net ” to your list of safe senders (whitelist) to prevent important email announcements from being blocked by spam filters. Consistent with the review process of previous ECCV conferences, submissions under review will be visible only to their assigned members of the program committee (program chairs, senior area chairs, area chairs, and reviewers). The reviews and author responses will never be made public, and ECCV will not solicit comments from the general public during the reviewing process. By submitting a paper to ECCV, the authors agree to the review process and understand that papers are processed by OpenReview to match each manuscript to the best possible area chairs and reviewers. Moreover, the authors agree that papers will be checked for plagiarism using iThenticate.
 OpenReview profile completion : Anyone who plans to submit a paper as an author or a co-author will need to create (or update) their OpenReview profile by March 2nd, 11pm CET the paper registration deadline . Complete OpenReview profiles are required for better assignment and conflict detection. Papers with authors who have not completed their profiles will be desk-rejected. For instructions see here .
 NEW! Contribution Types : As part of the submission process, authors are asked to select one primary Contribution Type that best characterizes the main focus of their paper. This selection is intended to help align reviewer expectations with the nature of your work and to support fair, appropriate, and context-aware evaluation. For detailed instructions, see Guidance to Authors on Contribution Types .
 Conflict responsibilities : Anyone who plans to submit a paper as an author or a co-author will need to create or update their OpenReview profile. You will be asked to declare two types of conflicts – domain and personal conflicts – by filling out appropriate sections of your OpenReview profile, as described here . If any author of a submission is found to have incomplete or inaccurate conflict information, the submission may be summarily rejected. To avoid undeclared conflicts, authors cannot be added or deleted after the paper registration deadline (Feb 26, 2026, at 11:00 PM CET), but only reordered. The author list is considered final after the paper submission deadline (Mar 5, 2026, at 11:00 PM CET), and no changes are allowed thereafter, including for accepted papers. 
 Confidentiality : The review process of ECCV 2026 is confidential. All members of the program committee (program chairs, senior area chairs, area chairs, and reviewers) are instructed to keep all information about their assigned submissions confidential and not to share or distribute materials for any reason except to facilitate the reviewing of the submitted work. Members of the program committee are further instructed that assigned submissions must not be uploaded to and/or processed by large language models (see Reviewer Guidelines ). Misuse of confidential information is a severe professional failure, and appropriate measures will be taken when brought to the attention of the ECCV organizers. It should be noted, however, that ECCV as well as ECVA are not and cannot be held responsible for the consequences if confidentiality is broken due to a violation during the review process.
 Double blind review : ECCV reviewing is double blind, in that authors do not know the names of the area chairs or reviewers for their papers, and the area chairs/reviewers cannot, beyond a reasonable doubt, infer the names of the authors from the submission and the additional material. Authors must not provide information that may identify themselves in the paper (e.g., by acknowledging co-workers or grant IDs) and in the supplementary material (e.g., titles in submitted videos, or attached papers). Additionally, authors must not provide links to websites that identify them, either in the paper or in the supplementary material. Violation of any of these guidelines may lead to rejection without review. If you need to cite any of your own papers that are being submitted concurrently to ECCV or another venue, you should (1) include anonymized versions of those papers in the supplementary material; (2) cite these anonymized papers; and (3) argue in the body of your paper why your ECCV submission is non-trivially different from these concurrent submissions.
 Dual submissions : By registering or submitting a manuscript to ECCV, the authors acknowledge that it has not been previously published or accepted for publication in substantially similar form in any peer-reviewed venue, including journals, conferences, workshops, or archival forums. Furthermore, no publication substantially similar in content has been submitted to, or will be submitted to, another conference, workshop, or journal during the review period (from March 13, 2026 until the Final Decision). The authors also attest that they did not submit substantially similar submissions to ECCV 2026. Violation of any of these conditions will lead to rejection and will be reported to the other venue to which the submission was sent, which will typically lead to rejection there as well.
 A publication, for the purposes of this policy, is defined to be a written work longer than four pages (excluding references) that was submitted for review by peers for either acceptance or rejection, and, after review, was accepted. In particular, this definition of publication does not depend upon whether such an accepted written work appears in a formal proceedings or whether the organizers declare that such work “counts as a publication.” Under the above definition, arXiv preprints and university technical reports are not considered publications. However, peer-reviewed workshop papers are considered publications if their length exceeds four pages (excluding references), even if they do not appear in proceedings.
 Note that a technical report (departmental, arXiv, etc.) version of the submission that is put up without any form of direct peer-review is NOT considered prior art and does NOT NEED to be cited in the submission; authors may cite such material, but cannot be penalized for not citing it.
 Plagiarism : Plagiarism consists of appropriating the words or results of another work, without credit, both verbatim or otherwise. To clarify, this includes self-plagiarism, such as double submission discussed above. ECCV 2026’s policy on plagiarism follows the one available in the Springer Nature Code of Conduct for Book Authors . Please see, in particular, the information included under the section “Originality” and the details on handling reports of plagiarism, included in the section “Suspected transgression of ethical standards”.
 We will actively check for plagiarism and employ software to automatically screen for suspected cases. Furthermore, the paper matching system we use to assign papers to reviewers and area chairs is quite accurate. As a result, it regularly happens that a paper containing plagiarized material gets assigned to a reviewer from whom material was plagiarized; experience shows that such reviewers approach plagiarism cases enthusiastically.
 Supplementary material submission : By the supplementary material deadline (Mar 12, 2026, at 11:00 PM CET), the authors may optionally submit additional material that was ready at the time of paper submission but could not be included due to constraints of format or space. Note that no Appendices are permitted in the main submission. The authors should refer to the contents of the supplementary material appropriately in the paper. Reviewers will be encouraged to look at the supplementary material, but are not obligated to do so. Consequently, the paper must stand on its own in that the contributions of the work are sufficiently supported by the content in the main paper. Supplementary material may include videos, proofs, additional figures or tables, more detailed analyses of experiments presented in the paper, or a concurrent submission to ECCV or another conference. It may not include results obtained with an improved version of the method (e.g., following additional parameter tuning or training), or an updated or corrected version of the submission PDF. Papers with supplementary materials violating the guidelines may be summarily rejected.
 We encourage (but do not require) authors to upload their code as part of their supplementary material in order to help reviewers assess the quality of the work. Please see the Suggested Practices document for more detailed guidelines about code submission.
 Registration and attendance responsibilities : Publication of the paper in the ECCV 2026 proceedings of Springer requires that at least one of the authors registers for the conference. It also requires that a camera-ready version, which satisfies all formatting requirements, be submitted before the camera-ready deadline. We expect each paper to be presented in person by an author (or an authorized delegate). Papers, where none of the authors (or an authorized delegate) is present (and no justification was communicated to the Program Chairs), might be removed from the proceedings.
 Personal and human subjects data : If a paper makes use of personal data and/or data from human subjects, including (but not limited to) personally identifiable information or offensive content, we expect that the collection and use of such data has been conducted carefully in accordance with the ECCV Ethics Guidelines and the Springer Nature Code of Conduct for Book Authors . Please also see the Suggested Practices document for more detailed guidelines and Author FAQs .
 Authors acting as reviewers : Given the growth of the number of paper submissions, and following conventions of other computer vision conferences, we expect all authors to be willing to serve as reviewers if asked to do so. To help us identify qualified reviewers and to match submissions to reviewers, all authors are required to have an up-to-date OpenReview profile (see here ).
 Authors will be automatically added to the reviewer pool unless they are exempted. At a later stage, the ECCV Program Chairs will ensure the qualifications of all reviewers. In particular, authors who serve in another capacity within the organization of ECCV 2026 are exempt from this requirement. It is recognized that not all authors may be qualified to serve as reviewers. Authors who are new to or outside the computer vision community, or undergraduate/Master’s students will be exempted. In exceptional circumstances (but not, e.g., “I am too busy”), to request an exemption, please contact the Program Chairs via this link . In order to be able to handle such a request, the request must contain the OpenReview ID of the author requesting exemption. Requests that do not contain the ID will simply be ignored.
 Publication : All accepted papers will be made publicly available by Springer and/or the European Computer Vision Association (ECVA) no earlier than four weeks before the conference. Authors wishing to submit a patent understand that the paper’s official public disclosure is four weeks before the conference or whenever the authors make it publicly available, whichever is first. More information about ECVA is available at https://www.ecva.net/ .
 Dataset Release Policy : All papers that select Datasets/Benchmarks as their Contribution Type are subject to the Dataset Release Policy . By choosing this category, authors confirm that the proposed dataset and/or benchmark will be publicly available by the time of camera-ready submission . For more details read Guidance to Authors on Contribution Types .
 Restrictions on publicity and media : Any work explicitly identified as an ECCV submission cannot be discussed with the media and cannot be advertised and discussed on social media until the final decision is released to authors. Please refer to the Author FAQs for more information. Violations of the embargo will result in the paper being removed from the conference and proceedings. The embargo period begins from the release of these guidelines on the ECCV 2026 webpage (Jan 29th, 2026); that is, the embargo is effective even before the actual submission to ECCV 2026.
 External links : Authors are not allowed to include external links (e.g., to webpages, images, or videos) in submissions, supplementary material, and rebuttal, when the links expand content and risk subverting the reviewing process. Such links risk violating anonymity, breaching the media ban, or bypassing length and deadline restrictions. All content must be self-contained within the submission and supplementary files.
 Rebuttal policies : After receiving the reviews, the authors may optionally submit a rebuttal to address the reviewers’ comments. The rebuttal is limited to a one-page PDF file including references (we use the two-column format for rebuttal only, to allow more space for responses) using the ECCV 2026 rebuttal template (available on Overleaf , GitHub , and as a ZIP ). Responses longer than one page will simply not be reviewed. This includes responses where the margins and formatting are deemed to have been significantly altered from those specified by the style guide.
 The rebuttal must maintain anonymity and cannot include external links to outside material, videos, code repositories, etc. (except for external links to refer to external contents that are NOT part of your submission; for example, referring to existing software used in a submission by a GitHub link is allowed).
 Following the common policy for computer vision conferences, reviewers should refrain from requesting significant additional experiments for the rebuttal or penalize for a lack of additional experiments. Authors should refrain from including new contributions or experimental results in the rebuttal, especially when not specifically requested to do so by the reviewers.
 Authors also have the possibility to submit a separate confidential comment to the Area Chair. Please do so only in exceptional circumstances .
 LLM policy : Authors may use any tools they find productive in preparing a paper, but must be aware that they are responsible for the entire content of their paper, including any misrepresentation, factual inaccuracy, or plagiarism. Papers containing citations of non-existent material will be rejected when found, and may be rejected without review. Similarly, papers containing obvious factual inaccuracies will be rejected when found and may be rejected without review. It is not a defense to a charge of plagiarism or of inaccuracy to argue that “an LLM did it”. Authors are responsible for what they submit. The authors should be aware that LLMs may repeat parts of their training data, which could cause plagiarism issues. Finally, if a submission is found to contain prompt injection, it may be desk-rejected without review, and the authors may be subject to further sanctions. Please refer to the Author FAQs for more information.
 Successful Page Load
 ECCV uses cookies for essential functions only. We do not sell your personal
 information.
 Our Privacy Policy »  
 Accept 
 Contact ECCV 
 For ECCV 2024 content please visit the  ECCV 2024 Proceedings  or the  ECCV 2024 website .