https://icpr2026.org/authors.html
STATUS 200 FINAL https://icpr2026.org/authors.html
ICPR 2026: Submit a paper | ICPR2026website 
 28 th - International Conference on Pattern Recognition
 Lyon, France August, 17-22, 2026
 International Convention Center
 Home 
 Program 
 Home 
 People
 Conference Committee 
 Local Organization 
 Reviewers 
 Reproducible Badge Reviewers 
 Important Dates 
 Dates 
 Dates 
 Calls
 Main Call 
 Call for Competitions 
 Call for Doctoral Consortium 
 Call for Tutorials 
 Call for Workshops 
 Program
 Main Program 
 Tutorials Program 
 Workshop Program 
 Search Papers 
 Proceedings 
 Workshop Papers 
 Events
 Competitions 
 Tutorials 
 Workshops 
 S+SSPR 2026 
 Instructions
 Instructions for Authors 
 Submit a Paper 
 Instructions for Reviewers 
 Camera-ready instructions 
 Instructions for Oral presentation 
 Instructions for Poster presentation 
 Instructions for Session Chair 
 Registration 
 Local 
 Local information overview 
 Getting to Lyon 
 TCL tickets & fares 
 Conference venue 
 Workshop & tutorial venue 
 Hotels 
 Lunch Box 
 Practical Informations 
 Visit Lyon 
 Sponsors 
 News & FAQ 
 Certificates of presence at ICPR 2026 and Satellite Events (updated) 
 Certificates of presence will start being sent on Wednesday, 2 September by Robin from
 contactcolloque@insavalor.fr .
 Submit a Paper 
 Like the previous edition of ICPR, all accepted papers will be published in the proceedings published in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS) series .
Also for this edition of ICPR, a Special Section of the Elsevier
Pattern Recognition Letters (PRL) journal will host invited extended
versions of the best paper and best student paper for each track of
ICPR 2026. The invited PRL submission will have to include at least
30% new scientific contribution and will undergo a new regular review
process.
 Papers Submission 
 Please read the following instructions before submission.
 To submit a paper you should follow this link:
 Submit a paper
 Paper Format and Length 
 Springer LNCS format with maximum 15 pages (including references, figures and tables) during paper submission.
 Springer LNCS paper formatting instructions and templates for ICPR-2026 are available here DOC and Latex .
 Manuscripts failing to meet the prescribed formatting requirements will be automatically rejected without review.
 Submission interface 
 The Microsoft CMT service was used for managing the
 peer-reviewing process for this conference. This service was provided for free by Microsoft and they bore all
 expenses, including costs for Azure cloud services as well as for software development and support.
 Reproducible Research Badge 
 For the first time, ICPR offers a Reproducible Research badge as part of the submission process. If you would like your paper to be considered for the Reproducible Research in Pattern Recognition (RRPR) badge, please select “Yes” in the corresponding field of the CMT submission form.
 To apply, please refer to the information provided below.
 Learn more 
 ⚠️ Important Notice for Authors
 Authors are required to follow all submission requirements 
 as listed on the ICPR 2026 website paying particular attention to the "Instructions for Authors" webpage .
 Failure to comply with these requirements may result in
 rejection without review (i.e., a desk rejection ).
 Questions regarding the submission requirements should be directed to the
 Program Chairs .
 By proceeding, you confirm that you have read and understood
 the submission requirements.
 Cancel
 OK – Proceed to CMT
 last modified : 
 22 January 2026