https://icpr2026.org/reviewers.html
STATUS 200 FINAL https://icpr2026.org/reviewers.html
ICPR 2026: Instructions for Reviewers | ICPR2026website 
 28 th - International Conference on Pattern Recognition
 Lyon, France August, 17-22, 2026
 International Convention Center
 Home 
 Program 
 Home 
 People
 Conference Committee 
 Local Organization 
 Reviewers 
 Reproducible Badge Reviewers 
 Important Dates 
 Dates 
 Dates 
 Calls
 Main Call 
 Call for Competitions 
 Call for Doctoral Consortium 
 Call for Tutorials 
 Call for Workshops 
 Program
 Main Program 
 Tutorials Program 
 Workshop Program 
 Search Papers 
 Proceedings 
 Workshop Papers 
 Events
 Competitions 
 Tutorials 
 Workshops 
 S+SSPR 2026 
 Instructions
 Instructions for Authors 
 Submit a Paper 
 Instructions for Reviewers 
 Camera-ready instructions 
 Instructions for Oral presentation 
 Instructions for Poster presentation 
 Instructions for Session Chair 
 Registration 
 Local 
 Local information overview 
 Getting to Lyon 
 TCL tickets & fares 
 Conference venue 
 Workshop & tutorial venue 
 Hotels 
 Lunch Box 
 Practical Informations 
 Visit Lyon 
 Sponsors 
 News & FAQ 
 Certificates of presence at ICPR 2026 and Satellite Events (updated) 
 Certificates of presence will start being sent on Wednesday, 2 September by Robin from
 contactcolloque@insavalor.fr .
 Instructions for Reviewers 
Before reviewing, please read the following eight instructions carefully: 
 Log onto CMT and confirm that you can access your review assignments. If you are unable to access your review assignments, please let us know immediately by sending an email to pc@icpr2026.org . 
 ICPR 2026 has a single blind review policy, and so each submission must include the list of authors and their affiliations. If you have a conflict-of-interest with any of the papers assigned to you, please let us know immediately by sending an email to pc@icpr2026.org . 
 If a paper exceeds the 15-page limit (including figures, tables and references) in the Springer LNCS format, please let us know immediately by sending an email to pc@icpr2026.org and we will let you know whether you will have to review the paper or not. 
 If a paper appears to have violated the Springer LNCS format (e.g., a two-column paper instead of a single column), please let us know immediately by sending an email to pc@icpr2026.org and we will let you know whether you will have to review the paper or not. 
 Some papers may have a supplementary file. Supplementary files are optional and you are not obliged to look over them. Note that if such a paper is accepted for publication in the ICPR proceedings, the paper must be able to stand on its own, without depending on the supplementary material which will not be published. 
 Uploading a paper to any third-party server would constitute a breach of confidentiality and is strictly prohibited. You are not permitted to use AI tools (such as ChatGPT or Gemini) in order to compose reviews. You must write your own review for each paper. 
 Please be specific and detailed in your comments as much as possible. Therefore, one-sentence reviews are unacceptable. For example, it is not sufficient to just say “This work is not novel”. You must give specific references and justify your comments. Similarly, if you say, “Experiments are insufficient”, then you must clearly enumerate the list of missing experiments. Please also be polite and factual in your comments.
 You may receive some papers that are somewhat outside your area of expertise. The Program Chairs and Area Chairs are dealing with a total of over 1400 submissions, overseeing hundreds of reviewers, and expect to see over 4200 reviews by the end of the process. It is not feasible for them to manually adjust the papers assigned to individual reviewers; so please do your best to review the papers you have been assigned. 
If you have any questions or comments about the review process, please always remember to send an email to pc@icpr2026.org . We are grateful for your service to the IAPR community! Your timely effort is vital to the success of our conference and community. 
 last modified : 
 16 February 2026