https://wsdm-conference.org/2026/index.php/call-for-papers/
STATUS 200 FINAL https://wsdm-conference.org/2026/index.php/call-for-papers/
Call for Papers – WSDM26 
 Skip to content 
 WSDM26 
 Home 
 Program 
 Conference Program 
 Proceedings 
 Accepted Papers 
 Tutorials 
 Workshops 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Attend 
 Registration 
 Hotel Information 
 Venue and Travel Information 
 NSF Travel Award 
 SIGWEB Travel Grant 
 SIGIR Travel Grant 
 Code of Conduct 
 Visa Support Letters 
 Attendance Policy 
 Calls 
 Camera Ready Instructions 
 Call for Full Papers 
 Call for Short Papers 
 Call for Tutorial Proposals 
 Call for Workshops 
 Call for Demonstrations 
 Call for WSDM Doctoral Consortium 
 Call for WSDM Day Presentations 
 Call for Industry Day Talks 
 Call for WSDM Cup 
 WSDM Cup 
 Sponsors 
 Official Sponsors & Partners 
 Become a Sponsor 
 Organizers 
 WSDM26 
 Home 
 Program 
 Conference Program 
 Proceedings 
 Accepted Papers 
 Tutorials 
 Workshops 
 Keynote Speakers 
 Attend 
 Registration 
 Hotel Information 
 Venue and Travel Information 
 NSF Travel Award 
 SIGWEB Travel Grant 
 SIGIR Travel Grant 
 Code of Conduct 
 Visa Support Letters 
 Attendance Policy 
 Calls 
 Camera Ready Instructions 
 Call for Full Papers 
 Call for Short Papers 
 Call for Tutorial Proposals 
 Call for Workshops 
 Call for Demonstrations 
 Call for WSDM Doctoral Consortium 
 Call for WSDM Day Presentations 
 Call for Industry Day Talks 
 Call for WSDM Cup 
 WSDM Cup 
 Sponsors 
 Official Sponsors & Partners 
 Become a Sponsor 
 Organizers 
 © 2025
 Call for Papers
 WSDM (pronounced “wisdom”) is a premier conference on web-inspired research involving search and data mining. The 19th ACM International WSDM Conference will take place in Boise, Idaho, USA, from February 22 to February 26, 2026. WSDM
 publishes original, high-quality papers related to search and data mining on the Web and the Social Web, with an emphasis on practical yet principled approaches.
 Deadlines
 August 7, 2025 
 Abstract Deadline
 August 14, 2025
 Submission Deadline
 October 23, 2025
 Notifications
 All deadlines are 11:59 pm Anywhere on Earth.
 List of Topics
 Papers accepted to WSDM will be published in the ACM Digital Library. We invite submissions on a broad range of topics related to search and data mining on the Web and Social Web. Areas of interest include, but are not limited to,
 the following topics:
 Web Search
 Algorithms for web-scale search; Adversarial search; Search user interfaces and interaction; Distributed search, metasearch, peer-to-peer search; Local and mobile search; Multimedia web search, cross-lingual search; Query analysis
 and query processing; Search benchmarking and evaluation; Search user behavior and log analysis; Search with Foundation Models
 Web Mining and Content Analysis
 Crawling and indexing web content; Web recommender systems and algorithms; Clustering, classification, and summarization of web data; Data, entity, event, and relationship extraction; Knowledge acquisition and automatic construction
 of knowledge bases; Large-scale graph analysis; Semantic search, faceted search, and knowledge graphs; Multimodal data mining; Scalable algorithms for mining web data; Opinion mining and sentiment analysis; Web traffic and log analysis;
 Web measurements, web evolution, and web models.
 Web of Things, Ubiquitous and Mobile Computing
 Algorithms for web-scale search; Adversarial search; Search user interfaces and interaction; Distributed search, metasearch, peer-to-peer search; Local and mobile search; Multimedia web search, cross-lingual search; Query analysis
 and query processing; Search benchmarking and evaluation; Search user behavior and log analysis; Search with Foundation Models
 Privacy, Fairness, Interpretability
 Fairness and accountability in ranking, recommendations and advertising; Explainability in web systems; Model and algorithm transparency; Interpretable models of individual and social behavior; Web search and data mining under privacy
 constraints; Fairness and interpretability in applications of web mining for social good.
 Social Networks
 Link prediction and community detection; Social network analysis and graph algorithms; Computational social science; Influence and viral marketing in social networks; Social sensing; Searching social and real-time content; Social network
 dynamics; Sampling, experiments, and evaluation in social networks; Social media analysis: blogs and friendship networks; Social network analysis, theories, models and applications; Social reputation and trust.
 Intelligent Assistants
 Voice search, conversational search, and dialog systems; Personal assistants, dialogue models, and conversational interaction; Task-driven search; Zero-query and implicit search.
 Crowdsourcing and Human Computation
 Collaborative search and question answering; Human-in-the-Loop and Collaborative Human-AI systems.
 Emerging and Creative Applications
 Web mining for social good; Systems and algorithms for urban applications such as smart cities/buildings/etc; Online education systems; Monitoring and prevention of epidemics; Social chatbots.
 Information Integrity
 Systems and algorithms for monitoring and detection of misinformation and fake news; Prevalence and virality of misinformation; Misinformation sources and origins; Source and content credibility; Detecting and combating spamming, trolling,
 aggression, dog whistles, and toxic online behaviors; Methods for detecting and mitigating low quality and offensive content, bullying and hate speech, and coordinated behavior; Polarization, extremism and radicalization; Echo chambers
 and filter bubbles.
 Foundation Models for Web Search and Data Mining
 Use of large language models (LLMs) and other foundation models for search and mining on the Web, including but not limited to the following tasks: Generative question answering; Indexing and query analysis; Pre-training and self-supervised
 learning for web-based tasks; Development of new user interfaces and user experiences; Support to information integrity.
 Submission Guidelines
 Link for Submissions
 Papers can be submitted through EasyChair: 
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wsdm2026 
 Originality of Submissions
 Submissions must represent new and original work. Concurrent submissions to other venues are not allowed. Papers that have been published in or accepted to any peer-reviewed journal or conference or workshop with published proceedings,
 or that are currently under review, or that will be submitted to other meetings or publications while under review, may not be submitted to WSDM 2026. However, submissions that are available online (e.g., on a preprint server such
 as Arxiv) and/or have been previously presented orally or as posters in non peer-reviewed venues with no formal proceedings, are allowed. Additionally, the ACM has a strict policy against plagiarism and self-plagiarism. All prior
 work must be appropriately cited. Please also see the 
 ACM guide  on the use of Generative AI.
 Format of Submissions
 Manuscripts must be submitted in PDF according to the new ACM format published in 
 ACM guidelines  (use documentclass [sigconf,anonymous,review]{acmart}). Submissions should not exceed 9 pages including diagrams, tables, appendices, etc. plus unrestricted space for references and an ethical consideration
 section (see below). The PDF files must have all non-standard fonts embedded. Submissions must be self-contained and in English. After uploading your submission, please verify the copy stored on the submission site. Submissions that
 do not follow these guidelines, or do not view or print properly, may be rejected without review.
 PDF files submitted to WSDM 2026 must be anonymized: the submitted document should not include the author information and should not include citations or discussion of related work that would make the authorship apparent. Explicitly
 revealing the manuscript authorship will result in rejection without review. Note, however, that it is acceptable to explicitly refer in the manuscript to companies or organizations that provided datasets, hosted experiments, or
 deployed solutions. The reviewers will be informed that it does not necessarily imply that the authors are currently affiliated with the mentioned organization. To support the identification of reviewers with conflicts of interest,
 the full author list must be specified at submission time. To support faster dissemination of scientific results, we allow submissions that had earlier versions or code posted on preprint servers such as Arxiv.org or GitHub (with
 the understanding that these materials cannot be anonymous). In such cases, authors should exercise extra care and should not explicitly associate their submission with such publicly posted materials.
 Supplementary Material & Reproducibility
 Authors may include references to external repositories containing resources and methods, full theoretical proofs and derivations, detailed descriptions of experimental setup, hyperparameter configurations, test datasets, datasets
 or source code, but should only do so if strict author anonymity can be maintained. Looking at supplementary material is at the discretion of the reviewers, in other words, the paper should be self-contained as much as possible.
 Wherever appropriate, the authors are encouraged to use publicly available test collections and state-of-the-art baselines, and are encouraged to share the experimental results, data, and code with the research community.In their submission,
 authors may refer to an anonymized GitHub repository, though this is not strictly required. 
 Authorship
 Submitted manuscripts must adhere to the 
 ACM authorship policy . In particular, (i) each author must be the creator or originator of an idea in the work; (ii) each author must make substantial contributions to the work; and (iii) each author must be accountable for the
 work that was done and its presentation in a publication. The policy was recently updated to govern the use of generative AI tools in authoring papers. 
 If an author submits numerous manuscripts to the same conference, it is less likely that one has materially contributed to all such submissions. To this end, we limit the number of submissions per author to 10 maximum. If more than
 10 manuscripts are submitted with the same person listed as an author, the additional manuscripts submitted after the initial 10, will be rejected without review.
 Review Process
 Each manuscript will be reviewed by at least three PC members and a senior PC member. The acceptance decisions will take into account manuscript novelty, technical depth, elegance, practical or theoretical impact, and presentation.
 WSDM 2026 will use a combination of single-blind reviewing and double-blind reviewing. The manuscripts will be double-blind to regular PC members and Senior PC members, but the metadata (including authorship) of the manuscripts will
 be available to Associate Chairs to check for undisclosed conflicts of interest and to help assure the integrity of the review process. Note that papers not related to the conference main theme and topics will be desk-rejected without
 review.
 ACM Instructions for Authors
 By submitting your article to an ACM Publication, you are hereby acknowledging that you and your co-authors are subject to all 
 ACM Publications Policies , including 
 ACM’s new Publications Policy on Research Involving Human Participants and Subjects . Alleged violations of this policy or any ACM Publications Policy will be investigated by ACM and may result in a full retraction of your paper,
 in addition to other potential penalties, as per ACM Publications Policy.
 Please ensure that you and your co-authors obtain an 
 ORCID ID , so you can complete the publishing process for your accepted paper. ACM has been involved in ORCID from the start and we have recently made a 
 commitment to collect ORCID IDs from all of our published authors . ORCID IDs are required for all authors. We are committed to improve author discoverability, ensure proper attribution and contribute to ongoing community efforts
 around name normalization; your ORCID ID will help in these efforts.
 Ethical Considerations
 Submitted manuscripts should include a section on the ethical implications of the proposed research. This section will not be counted toward the nine-page limit, and should be placed before the references. In this section, authors
 are asked to reflect and discuss the potential negative societal impact of their work, as they consider appropriate. Examples of negative societal impact include fairness considerations, privacy considerations, security considerations,
 safety considerations, misuse of the technology by malicious actors, as well as possible harms that could arise even when the technology is being used as intended and functioning correctly. If there are negative societal impacts,
 authors should discuss appropriate mitigation strategies.
 Acceptance
 At least one author of each accepted paper must register for the conference (either 3-day or 5-day) to present the paper at the conference in person. Each paper must be accompanied by a paper presentation fee. If you are an author
 presenting more than one paper, you should pay a paper presentation fee for each accepted paper, but only one conference registration (either 3-Day or 5-Day). WSDM 2026 will be an in-person conference, with no provisions for remote
 presentations. If authors are unable to present their work for any reason, they are expected to find a proxy to present the work on their behalf. The organizers reserve the right to remove any paper that is not presented during the
 conference from the proceedings.
 Best Papers from WSDM 2026
 The 10 best papers considered by The WSDM 2026 Best Paper Award Committee will be considered to be published in TIST (ACM Transactions on Intelligent Systems). The guest editors consist of the best paper award committee chair and the
 3 PC chairs.
 Conflict of Interest (COI) Policy
 All authors and reviewers must declare conflicts of interest in EasyChair. You must declare a reviewer/author as a conflict of interest when the following associations exist:
 – employment at the same institution or company, regardless of geography/location, currently or in the last 12 months
 – candidate for employment at the same institution or company
 – received an honorarium, stipend, or grant from the institution or company within the last 12 months (except where of a modest nature, such as reimbursement of seminar expenses, honorarium for examination of a thesis, and so on).
 – co-author on book or paper in the last 24 months
 – co-principal investigator on a funded grant or research proposal in the last 24 months
 – actively working on any project together
 – family relationship or close personal relationship
 – graduate advisee/advisor relationship, regardless of time elapsed since graduation
 – deep personal animosity
 In general, we expect authors, PC, the organizing committee, and other volunteers to adhere to ACM’s Conflict of Interest Policy as well as the ACM’s Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct.
 Violations of Originality, Dual Submission or Conflicts of Interest
 Submitted manuscripts that do not meet the length, formatting or originality requirements, or are concurrently submitted to two venues (including manuscripts with significant overlap), are subject to desk rejection without review.
 At the discretion of the PC Chairs and the Steering Committee, egregious violations (including plagiarism) may lead to additional penalties such as a temporary or permanent ban from the venue and sponsoring SIGs venues, as well as
 an escalation to the ACM Committee on Professional Ethics (COPE). Likewise, failure of an author to disclose all COIs, or cases of a referee providing a review on a paper for which they have an undisclosed COI, may lead to similar
 penalties. You are encouraged to contact the PC Chairs if you have questions as to the originality conditions, dual submission, or conflict of interest policy.
 Submission
 Submissions to WSDM2026 are now open via EasyChair (
 https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=wsdm2026 ). Authors are invited to submit their abstracts by August 7 and full papers by August 14. Placeholder titles/abstracts (i.e., those that are not informative, such as “TBD”) will
 be desk-rejected.
 Submit 
 ACM Open Access Policy
 Starting January 1, 2026, ACM will fully transition to Open Access. All ACM publications, including those from ACM-sponsored conferences, will be 100% Open Access. Authors will have two primary options for publishing Open Access articles
 with ACM: the ACM Open institutional model or by paying Article Processing Charges (APCs). With over 1,800 institutions already part of ACM Open, the majority of ACM-sponsored conference papers will not require APCs from authors
 or conferences (currently, around 70-75%).
 Authors from institutions not participating in ACM Open will need to pay an APC to publish their papers, unless they qualify for a financial or discretionary waiver. To find out whether an APC applies to your article, please consult
 the list of participating institutions in ACM Open and review the APC Waivers and Discounts Policy. Keep in mind that waivers are rare and are granted based on specific criteria set by ACM.
 Understanding that this change could present financial challenges, ACM has approved a temporary subsidy for 2026 to ease the transition and allow more time for institutions to join ACM Open. 
 The subsidy will offer:
 – $250 APC for ACM/SIG members
 – $350 for non-members
 This represents a 65% discount, funded directly by ACM. Authors are encouraged to help advocate for their institutions to join ACM Open during this transition period.
 This temporary subsidized pricing will apply to all conferences scheduled for 2026.
 Full Paper Chairs
 Giuseppe Manco (ICAR-CNR)
 Barbara Poblete (Amazon.com & University of Chile)
 Tetsuya Sakai (Waseda University)
 © 2026 WSDM26. Created for free using WordPress and
 Colibri